{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{\
  "project_title": "Silent Pressure",\
  "style": "Hyper-realistic cinematic",\
  "video_type": "No dialogue, no voice-over",\
  "total_duration_seconds": 64,\
  "music": \{\
    "type": "Optional external background music",\
    "recommended_track": "Hans Zimmer - Tick Tock",\
    "usage_note": "Very low volume, atmospheric only. Not generated inside Flow."\
  \},\
\
  "global_visual_rules": \{\
    "lighting": "Low-key, cinematic, realistic",\
    "color_palette": "Muted blues, grays, cold tones",\
    "camera_movement": "Smooth, slow, intentional",\
    "editing_style": "Seamless continuity, no hard cuts",\
    "continuity_note": "Each frame should feel like a progression of the previous moment, not a reset"\
  \},\
\
  "// ================= BLOCK 1 =================": "OBSERVATION / ROUTINE",\
\
  "frame_1_start": \{\
    "tool": "Gemini Image Generation",\
    "prompt": "Hyper-realistic cinematic style. Early morning urban apartment. A lone person sits near a window. Soft light through blinds. Minimal interior. Mood: quiet routine."\
  \},\
\
  "frame_2_end": \{\
    "tool": "Gemini Image Generation",\
    "prompt": "Same apartment, slightly closer camera. Person holding a phone. Screen glow on face. Outside city barely moving. Mood: passive engagement."\
  \},\
\
  "clip_1": \{\
    "tool": "Google Flow",\
    "duration_seconds": 8,\
    "start_frame": "frame_1_start",\
    "end_frame": "frame_2_end",\
    "prompt": "Generate smooth cinematic motion. Slow camera push-in. No text, no music. Maintain realism."\
  \},\
\
  "// ================= BLOCK 2 =================": "PATTERN / PRESSURE",\
\
  "frame_3_start": \{\
    "tool": "Gemini Image Generation",\
    "prompt": "Hyper-realistic city street. People walking in similar directions. Main subject centered but still. Motion blur around others. Mood: repetition."\
  \},\
\
  "frame_4_end": \{\
    "tool": "Gemini Image Generation",\
    "prompt": "Same street. Camera slightly lower angle. Crowd denser. Subject still isolated. Mood: growing pressure."\
  \},\
\
  "clip_2": \{\
    "tool": "Google Flow",\
    "duration_seconds": 8,\
    "start_frame": "frame_3_start",\
    "end_frame": "frame_4_end",\
    "prompt": "Smooth lateral camera motion. Crowd movement emphasized. No audio. Seamless continuation."\
  \},\
\
  "// ================= BLOCK 3 =================": "BREAK / RELEASE",\
\
  "frame_5_start": \{\
    "tool": "Gemini Image Generation",\
    "prompt": "Nighttime urban street. Neon reflections. Main subject standing alone while environment blurs. Mood: tension about to break."\
  \},\
\
  "frame_6_end": \{\
    "tool": "Gemini Image Generation",\
    "prompt": "Same location. Subject stepping forward. Increased motion blur. Strong directional light. Mood: decision."\
  \},\
\
  "clip_3": \{\
    "tool": "Google Flow",\
    "duration_seconds": 8,\
    "start_frame": "frame_5_start",\
    "end_frame": "frame_6_end",\
    "prompt": "Controlled forward movement. Subtle camera shake. Cinematic realism."\
  \},\
\
  "// ================= BLOCK 4 =================": "AFTERMATH / AWARENESS",\
\
  "frame_7_start": \{\
    "tool": "Gemini Image Generation",\
    "prompt": "Early dawn urban street. Empty road. Subject breathing heavily. Streetlights fading. Mood: exhaustion."\
  \},\
\
  "frame_8_end": \{\
    "tool": "Gemini Image Generation",\
    "prompt": "Wide shot. Subject walking away. Open road ahead. Soft morning light. Mood: clarity without resolution."\
  \},\
\
  "clip_4": \{\
    "tool": "Google Flow",\
    "duration_seconds": 8,\
    "start_frame": "frame_7_start",\
    "end_frame": "frame_8_end",\
    "prompt": "Very smooth motion. No camera shake. Ending should feel open and loopable."\
  \},\
\
  "submission_note": \{\
    "explanation": "The project explores invisible pressure and routine through visual continuity rather than dialogue or narration. Silence is used intentionally to enhance awareness."\
  \}\
\}}